[DOCS-9892] adding Neutral tags section, updating Failed connections (#27283)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/cloud_network_monitoring/setup.md

### Failed connections 

> Failed Connections allows collection and reporting of TCP failures including [resets, refusals, and timeouts][14]. This feature is enabled by default in Agent version `7.59+`, and accessible on the [CNM Analytics][15] page in the **Customize** menu by turning on the **Failures** toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failed Connections allows collection and reporting of TCP failures including [resets, refusals, and timeouts][14]. This feature is enabled by default in Agent version `7.59+`, and it is accessible on the [CNM Analytics][15] page in the **Customize** menu by turning on the **Failures** toggle.
```

> **Note**: If some Agents in your infrastructure are running a version earlier than `7.59`, you may encounter under-reported failures. CNM advises maintaining the same Agent version across _all_ hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If some Agents in your infrastructure are running a version earlier than `7.59`, you might encounter failures being under-reported. CNM advises maintaining the same Agent version across _all_ hosts.
```
